servlet-cli-wrapper
===================

Java Servlet that perform as a wrapper of a generic bash command.

Introduction:
=============
Simple, modular, customizable Java Servlet that acts as a wrapper of a command line bash command.
It can be useful for the distribution of legacy programs over different machines, especially the already compiled ones, which work as a filter from stdio and stdout.
A use case would be: there are some modules which needs to be migrated to other operating systems and other modules which do not.


Features:
=============
- Allows the co-existence of different listening urls assigned to different commands;
- War file don't needs to be recompiled in case of changing of the wrapped commands, i.e. adding/removing new ones;
- Log4j is used for also logging the errors (stderr) generated by the sub-process created for the execution of the command.

Implementation details:
=============
- The bash command is set into the web.xml file;
- the servlet engine (tomcat7) automatically notices if the web.xml file is modified and it reloads the new servlet context;
- The servlet reads the content of the http post, than, the command is executed, a new process is started, and the content read is passed to its standard input (stdin).
- The stdout of the command is returned as an http post response by the servlet;
- Commons IO - Apache is used for the I/O communications with the sub process created;
- Utf-8 encoding is used for log the stderr of the sub-process created.


Use:
=============
- Clone the repository;
- Download from the web the Commons IO - Apache Commons library, log4j 2 and importing it on the web project; (sorry not mavenized yet)
- Customize the web.xml file as preferred; (bash command to execute, http url_to_listen)
- Export as a war file;
- Deploying it on a servlet engine (I experienced with tomcat7);
- Run the servlet engine;
- Test it with curl:
	curl --data-binary @input_file http://localhost:8080/view/url_to_list/

- Enjoy.


Problems:
==============
With apache tomcat7 I observed an issue with the "apt-get install" installation of Ubuntu.
Tomcat7 daemon process as linux user has tomcat7, and, it has not the rights to execute some customized bash commands due to apache tomcat7 security restrictions.
The issue was solved by downloading the binary distribution from the ASF official web site and using jsvc apache utility to set it up to a system service daemon. 
jsvc allows to rewrite some daemon configuration constraint like the execution linux user.
As a generic suggestion: put the absolute path of the bash command in the web.xml, not the relative one.

Todo:
==============
- Extend to the http GET calls as well;
- Showing in every log call the specific bash command that generated it;
- Mavenizing it.
